Project 2 retro 

What feature/aspect of your project are you most proud of?
- I am the most proud of getting the cart/checkout feature working. We were stuck on this feature for many hours. 
We were only able to return the current cart instead of getting a new cart when we selected the checkout button. This was probably
the problem we spent the most time on in the project so it was nice to get it working.

What are some challenges you faced while working on the project?
- I would say planning was one of the challenges we faced. We had a hard time trying to figure out the relationships for the entities
at first before we got help with it. So we probably spent a couple days writing the backend for something we didn't use. 

What would you work on if you had another week on project 2?
- If I had anothe week to work on project 2 I would get AWS working. We close to getting it working but we were missing some sort of connection 
between AWS and the backend. The web page would load correctly but any time we tried to put in data we would get errors. I would also style 
our web page. We only had time to put in a few stylings and worried more about the functionality of the web page instead.

What would you do differently if you could start the project over?
- I think the one thing my group would do if we had to start over would be to plan more carefully. We wasted a couple of days on the backend 
of a project we wouldn't use. If we would've been able to figure out the relationships between entities right away that would've saved us some
time.

What do you wish you knew at the start of the project (either about the development process or the technologies used)?
- I wish I knew more about AWS. As I stated earlier, we had a problem with some sort of connection when trying to host the web page. We were 
able to get the web page to load but it would always output errors when we tried to enter data. If I knew more about AWS then perhaps it would've 
been easy to diagnose the issue we had. I'm sure it will become easier with more experience but we probably spent a whole night just trying to figure
out what our issue was and had no success in solving it.

How can you apply these lessons to project 3?
- These lessons can be applied to lesson 3 by making sure that planning is done very carefully and thoughtfully. This will save time later on in the project,
instead of having to go back and try to fix issues that shouldn't have been there in the first place. 